KIAN MARSHALL
Google Software Engineer
kianmarsh@email.com (123) 456-7890 Redmond, WA
WORK EXPERIENCE
Software Engineer
Microsoft
August 2018 - current Redmond, WA
Developed and optimized a Microsoft Oﬃce Suite feature with
JavaScript to increase user eﬃciency by 15%.
Implemented a microservice architecture for a cloud-based
product, increasing system reliability and reducing deployment
time by 16%.
Spearheaded the redesigning of a key Windows OS component to
see improved boot time by 29%.
Led the migration of a critical application from on-premise to
Azure cloud infrastructure, reducing operational costs by 32%.
Implemented a CI/CD pipeline for a key product, reducing release
cycle times by 26%.
Junior Developer
Amazon
May 2015 - June 2018 Seattle, WA
Built a custom integration between Amazon's internal tools and
Slack via JavaScript, enhancing team productivity by 15%.
Improved security of a web application by integrating Google
Cloud Armor, reducing the risk of DDoS attacks by 63%.
Reduced data retrieval times with Google Cloud Storage to store
and manage large data sets for internal analytics project.
Optimized the performance of a web application using Google
Cloud Run, which boosted concurrent users by 27%.
Intern
Amazon
May 2014 - May 2015 Seattle, WA
Conducted market research and competitive analysis for a product
launch, oﬀering insights that boosted sales by 19%.
Participated in the QA testing process for a new application,
identifying and reporting 4 critical bugs.
Oversaw user testing for a new feature, gathering feedback that
contributed to a 26% improvement in usability.
Shadowed 3 senior team members to gain hands-on experience in
project management and software development.EDUCATION
M.S.
Computer Science & Engineering
University of Washington
2014 - 2016
Seattle, WA
B.S.
Computer Science
Massachusetts Institute of
Technology (MIT)
2010 - 2014
Cambridge, MA
SKILLS
JavaScript
Google Cloud SDK
Google Cloud Storage
Google Cloud Platform
Google Cloud Run
Google Cloud Natural Language API
React
Slack
Google Cloud Armor
Prometheus
CERTIFICATIONS
Google Associate Android Developer
Certiﬁcation